Theses from my academic career.\
\
- Prior-data Fitted Networks and risk estimation, my Big Data Master's degree thesis, explores the possibility of applying specific transformer-based architectures to insurance prediction problems. Tabular PFNs ([paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.01848)) are designed to approximate the Bayesian posterior predictive distribution instead of learning the dataset-specific function that connects responses to observations. This effectively internalizes an in-context learning algorithm, so the pre-trained network can be applied directly to unseen datasets and produce predictive distributions in a single forward pass, with no need for retraining or hyperparameter tuning.\
\
- On the renormalization of Dirac fields in Metric-Affine and Teleparallel Gravity, my Master's degree thesis, is a study of the quantum effective action of a Dirac field non-minimally coupled to a general model of gravity. These general actions are then restricted to the cases of General Relativity and Teleparallel Gravity so the effect of quantization can be compared between the two. My result shows that although dynamically equivalent at classical level, these theories do not share the same properties once the classical fields are quantized. This is the first time such a study has been made.\
\
- L'effetto Schwinger, my undergraduate thesis, is about the Schwinger effect. First hypothesised by Sauter and later quantitatively computed by Schwinger in the seminal paper [On Gauge Invariance and Vacuum Polarization](https://journals.aps.org/pr/abstract/10.1103/PhysRev.82.664), it describes the possibility of creating particle-antiparticle pairs from the vacuum in the sole presence of very strong electric fields. The result is line with the effective field description of the electromagnetic interaction proposed by Euler, Cockel and Heisenberg when describing "light-by-light" scattering.
